We collect and receive information about users in a few different ways: Information you give us. You can give us information directly. For example: When you sign up for an AOL account you may give us information such as your name, zip code, and date of birth; When you purchase one of our paid services, you give us your billing information, which may include your credit card data; When you use Moviefone, you can give us your zip code so that we can tell you where and when movies are playing; When you post comments in response to a story or video on any of our Services, we-and other users-receive that information; and When you use the "My Portfolios" feature on DailyFinance, you can give us information about your investments so that we can provide you with up-to-the-second market news and commentary relevant to your holdings (your use of Oath financial features is subject to additional privacy terms); and When you otherwise contact us or provide us information directly. Information we collect or receive when you use our services. We also collect or receive information when you use our Services. We collect some of this information using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Depending on how you access and use our Services, we may receive: Log information. This is information we automatically collect and store such as when you use our Services or other companies' websites and apps, including ONE by AOL advertising services. It may include, for example: Information about your interactions with the websites, apps, and other services you use, the content you view, the search queries you submit, and information in cookies and similar technologies; and Information about how you access those websites, apps, and other services, your browser or operating system, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and the website you visited before visiting our Services. Device information. This is information we automatically collect and store about the device you use when you access our Services, including the ONE by AOL advertising services. Device information includes, for example: The type of device you're using (e.g., an iPhone); Certain device identifiers which may be unique to your device; and Your Internet service provider. Location information. This information can include your device's GPS signal and information about Bluetooth connections, nearby WiFi networks, cell towers, and other types of precise location. We get this information, for example, when you use location-enabled services. Other information. Please note that Oath may use information about your use of certain Oath communication tools (for example, AOL Mail and AOL Instant Messenger); however, when you use AOL communication tools, Oath does not read your private online communications without your consent. Information from third-party sources. We may receive additional information about you that is publicly or commercially available and combine it along with the information we have collected or received about you in other ways. Also, we receive information about you when you choose to connect with social networking services while using our Services. Learn more about how that works here. Additionally, when you use Oath software (such as the AOL desktop software, AOL toolbars, or AIM), we may collect information about other software on your device for the limited purposes of providing the service you are using and improving the security of our services. How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive We use the information we collect and receive for the following general purposes: To provide our Services. We use the information we collect and receive to provide you with the Services you use or request. For example: If you request local movie show times from Moviefone, we might use your location information to provide you with times at nearby theaters; If you sign up to receive the daily headlines from HuffPost, we'll use your email address to deliver them to you; and If you ask us to remember your login information for Oath Services, we'll use information stored in cookies when you return to those websites. To improve our Services. We also use the information we collect and receive to provide content and advertising that people are likely to find relevant and